gothinkster / golang-gin-realworld-example-app
https://github.com/gothinkster/golang-gin-realworld-example-app

Package http
https://golang.org/pkg/net/http

Package io
https://golang.org/pkg/io/

Package json
https://golang.org/pkg/encoding/json/

Package ioutil
https://golang.org/pkg/io/ioutil/

Difference between http.Handle and http.HandleFunc?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21957455/difference-between-http-handle-and-http-handlefunc

What's the difference between ResponseWriter.Write and io.WriteString?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37863374/whats-the-difference-between-responsewriter-write-and-io-writestring

Golang read request body
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43021058/golang-read-request-body

Handling JSON Post Request in Go
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15672556/handling-json-post-request-in-go

in Golang, what is the difference between json encoding and marshalling
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33061117/in-golang-what-is-the-difference-between-json-encoding-and-marshalling

Marshal (Unmarshal) is a wrapper around Encoder (Decoder)
https://stackoverflow.com/a/62379365/12976234

Two reasons why json.Decoder should be preferred over json.Unmarshal
https://stackoverflow.com/a/55052845/12976234

How to read/write from/to a file using Go
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1821811/how-to-read-write-from-to-a-file-using-go

How to generate a random string of a fixed length in Go?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22892120/how-to-generate-a-random-string-of-a-fixed-length-in-go

How to Parse a JSON Request Body in Go
https://www.alexedwards.net/blog/how-to-properly-parse-a-json-request-body

Correct way to initialize empty slice
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29164375/correct-way-to-initialize-empty-slice

What is the difference between `Host` and `URL.Host` for golang `http.Request`?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42921567/what-is-the-difference-between-host-and-url-host-for-golang-http-request

Include js file in Go template
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28899675/include-js-file-in-go-template

Golang. What to use? http.ServeFile(..) or http.FileServer(..)?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28793619/golang-what-to-use-http-servefile-or-http-fileserver

Why can I type alias functions and use them without casting?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19334542/why-can-i-type-alias-functions-and-use-them-without-casting

How to prepend int to slice
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53737435/how-to-prepend-int-to-slice

How to get the address of a function in go?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41043462/how-to-get-the-address-of-a-function-in-go

golang reflect get closure function pointer
https://stackoverflow.com/a/36127142/12976234

How to compare 2 functions in Go?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34901307/how-to-compare-2-functions-in-go/34901677

Testing Your (HTTP) Handlers in Go
https://www.cloudbees.com/blog/testing-http-handlers-go

Testing in Go: HTTP Servers
https://ieftimov.com/post/testing-in-go-testing-http-servers/

What is the difference between cookie and cookiejar?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31270461/what-is-the-difference-between-cookie-and-cookiejar

Golang Mutexes – What Is RWMutex For?
https://dev.to/qvault/golang-mutexes-what-is-rwmutex-for-57a0

Difference between Mutex and RWMutex
https://programmer.help/blogs/difference-between-mutex-and-rwmutex.html

Lock in Golang
https://www.timqi.com/2020/08/02/lock-in-golang/

What is the benefit of using RWMutex instead of Mutex?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48861029/what-is-the-benefit-of-using-rwmutex-instead-of-mutex/48861083


# Non-related to GO

What is the difference between “word-break: break-all” versus “word-wrap: break-word” in CSS
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1795109/what-is-the-difference-between-word-break-break-all-versus-word-wrap-break

What is the difference between CMD and ENTRYPOINT in a Dockerfile?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21553353/what-is-the-difference-between-cmd-and-entrypoint-in-a-dockerfile

Copy directory to another directory using ADD command
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26504846/copy-directory-to-another-directory-using-add-command